why don't you all introduce yourselves
so who have we got here
hello we are
[Applause]
[Music]
ruk it's a bloody beautiful night
[Applause]
Tongo Wow I meant in economy me yep
hello my name is Ian I'm worldwide the
handsome you know
[Applause]
I'm sugar nice to meet you guys
[Music]
I see six members but there's supposed
to be seven what happened
there's a demon called remember well
James demon yesugai's seized up before
the rehearsal so I know but you can't be
Jimin today and who's hurt their foot
jungle stitches so many people would
like to kiss it better
[Applause]
we should you should say that song idol
that is on the album love yourself
answer which is out now that's what this
thing they've already got its butt
so I suppose the the headline so the
headlines are so BTS stands for BTS is
being the scene in English that Boy
Scout in Korea okay yeah okay so that's
what that is yeah I'm no wiser as the
behind it scene but which is not and I
don't mean any disrespect but there are
people of a certain age who don't know
BTS so just in case you are theay I'm
making this up this is the new cover of
Time magazine
[Applause]
yeah anyone know the cover no and you
also you had the honor of speaking at
the United Nations that was not a part
of bts's message oh yeah okay so I just
want to say that you know life always
had two dilemmas of you know we always
had have to have the pain inside because
when the light comes we always have the
shadows we cannot be avoid from that so
I just want to tell that um we should
find the way to love ourselves around
then of course especially the youth
gonna be more happy and we could live a
good life so that was the message giving
them my shirt
it's all this
[Applause]
[Music]
dressed in your big ol book and I'm
giving you this to say thank you for you
to love me like you all of the joy
you're bringing
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
and if you look closely it's all about
movement and people it's office for you
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
you